Let noble thoughts come to us from all directions.
Rig Veda 1.89.1
vkuks Hkæk% Øroks ;Urq of'or% A _Xosn & 1.89.1
Goodness and wisdom come from all directions 
when you are open to embrace them. 
Positive inﬂuences and blessings will always 
ﬁnd their way to you.
Four-side
 Open Residences
Thoughtfully Planned Ecosystem
The lush landscapes surrounding the development are not just a visual spectacle but a 
carefully curated ecosystem, contributing to biodiversity and enhancing the overall 
environmental balance. Rainwater harvesting, advanced waste management systems 
and energy-eﬃcient lighting are just a few of the many initiatives that reﬂect our 
dedication to sustainable practices. This is not merely a luxury real estate 
development; it is a pioneering venture that champions the fusion of extravagance and 
environmental consciousness. Furthermore, it is a community-centered hub that 
nurtures connections with people and the planet.
Management and Savings
Enhanced Air Quality
Building Material and 
Resource Management
Water Conservation
Ventilation
Ample Natural Light
Energy Eﬃciency
Reduced Heat Island Eﬀect
TARC ISHVA - a super luxury indulgence is a 
pioneering venture that champions the fusion of 
extravagance and environmental consciousness, 
redeﬁning the very essence of opulent living 
in harmony with our planet and the forces of 
directions that guide it.
In addition to being a visual spectacle, it is a carefully curated ecosystem.
This ecosystem is designed to contribute signiﬁcantly to the biodiversity and 
enhance the overall environmental balance.
Goodness and grace 
unfold in 
all directions
The four cardinal directions traverse way beyond 
than being mere pointers on a compass. 
They are cornerstones that shape lives infusing 
them with purpose, energy and harmony.
The Gateway to New Beginnings
The East, like the rising sun, heralds new beginnings and fresh opportunities. Capturing 
the promise of dawn, this direction encourages renewal, inspiring one to reinvent, 
create and embrace each day as a blank canvas. Drawing from this inspiration,
TARC ISHVA is envisioned with a fresh perspective. It is crafted to revolutionize the 
essence of living. Unique spaces have been designed and meticulously curated, 
reinventing what is conventionally considered a luxury.
EAST
The Canvas of Sunset Dreams
As the skies paint themselves in hues of orange and pink the West mirrors the twilight 
colours. With stories of fulﬁllment its time to take a pause and savour life’s ﬁner 
moments. Inspired by the twinkle of constellations TARC ISHVA is a dream of ﬂyign. 
Glittering with amenities that make the good life grand.
WEST
The Beacon of Aspiration
The North comes with the promise of achievement. It invites success and ambition 
subtly urging one to dream bigger, reach higher and embrace abundance.  In perfect 
harmony, TARC ISHVA epitomizes these principles. The threshold of luxury has
been breached. Abundance now has a new address.
NORTH
The Sanctuary of Serenity
The South embodies tranquility. It nurtures the soul, heals the body, mind and spirit 
which encourages you to live the moment. It advocates connections; with nature, 
people and the self. At TARC ISHVA you will ﬁnd connections; that celebrate the legacy 
and multifaceted heritage of our nation, the love of family and friends, the bounty of 
nature and importantly – yourself.
SOUTH
FOUR DIRECTIONS!
There’s a 5th side to it as well!
From the spirals of seashells to the arrangement of petals in a ﬂower, the pervasive 
inﬂuence of the ‘Golden Ratio’ highlights a captivating harmony woven into the very 
fabric of nature. This has helped in creating the right proportions, adding beautiful 
compositions and sprinkling meticulous details. In addition, it has enabled innumerable 
innovations in creating spaces that resonate with balance, harmony and beauty 
enabling a better way of living.
TARC ISHVA is Inspired by
The Golden Ratio
Uncompromised privacy is important for those who demand it. Ascend to the epitome 
of exclusivity and sophistication in the remarkable single apartment per core. 
As the private elevator doors open, you are welcomed into your private world. Here 
opulence meets seclusion in a special way. With an entire ﬂoor dedicated to you, revel 
in absolute privacy and unrivalled personal space, the residence oﬀers.
AT TARC ISHVA
Own Your Own Core
INDIA INSPIRED
Features, motifs & environs
India Everywhere
The ethos and the essence of the rich legacy of India seeps in everywhere. Be it the 
linear water features with traditional motifs, the serene environs of a sanctuary, the 
mystical Conch and the Tree of Life, are all celebrated across the development.
The extensive plantation of indigenous trees also battles climate change concerns.
An extension to the sculptural double-height glass tower drop-oﬀ creates space for 
old-world congregation and communal activities. At the Brahmasthan of the 
development sits the sacred tree with the Lotus motif tree guard as an extended 
seating area. The sacred grove for deep meditation creates your own sanctuary. The 
sacred forest is also a traditional element inspired from diﬀerent spiritual themes.
CLUB ISHVA - GRACIOUS 
EXCLUSIVE OPULENCE
The four-tiered club is an opulent haven that serves as the epicenter of reﬁned living 
and unrivalled sophistication. Step into a world where extravagance meets exceptional 
hospitality, and indulge in an atmosphere that redeﬁnes the very essence of exclusive 
communal living. Club Ishva is a masterpiece of luxurious design, adorned with bespoke 
furnishings, avant-garde art installations, and ambient lighting that cast a glow of 
warmth across the curated spaces and the stilts. From intimate lounges to chic bars, 
every corner is a testament to a commitment to unparalleled indulgence. Here, 
residents seamlessly blend leisure with luxury, whether its lounging by the all-weather 
pool, sipping artisanal cocktails at the bar, or unwinding in private cabanas surrounded 
by lush landscaping. The plush club transcends the ordinary, becoming a magnet for 
socializing, entertainment, and sheer relaxation.
Revitalizing the Spirit: 
Combining Ancient Wisdom 
with Modern Wellness
The goal of this is to establish a strongly equipped
Human Performance Center and Biohacking Lab which 
integrates most, if not all, aspects of health and wellness to 
the extent that people of diﬀerent age group can enhance 
their body and mind by employing state-of-the-art 
technology and specialized modern techniques without 
compromising a healthier and better lifestyle
even in pollution-heavy areas like Delhi.
The objective is to strengthen and refocus the individuals
of every age on the state of the mind and body. Our goal is 
to assist individuals in coping with the modern-day situation 
including pollution and unleash their possibilities.
Holistic Healing
Isometric Training Area:
This consists of equipment meant for carrying out 
isometric training towards strengthening parts of the 
body without straining the joints too much.
Contrast Baths:
This is a therapeutic part of the center providing hot and 
cold baths consecutively for better blood ﬂow, less 
inﬂammation and thus faster recuperation.
Hyperbaric Chamber:
A pressurized chamber that promotes oxygenation of the 
body, enhancing recovery, reducing inﬂammation, and 
improving overall health.
Isokinetic Training Area:
This is a modern isokinetic exercise trainer that allows for 
many various speeds and resistances to ensure maximum 
muscle recovery and growth.
Cryosauna:
This is one of the many types of cryotherapy where the 
patient sits in a chamber of cold temperatures for 
treatment to muscles, increased blood ﬂow, and 
stimulation of the immune system.
Float Tanks:
Sensory deprivation tanks that promote deep relaxation, 
reduce stress, and enhance mental clarity.
Red Light Therapy:
A non-invasive treatment that uses low-level laser 
therapy to stimulate cellular growth, reduce 
inﬂammation, and improve overall health.
THE MAKING OF 
TARC ISHVA MONOGRAM
THE STARTING POINT
Sound permeates all four directions. Its vibrations create a sweep of ripples that 
fade into inﬁnity and then bounce back to nurture and nourish the source.
INDIAN VALUES
From time immemorial, all auspicious occasions in our culture, start with the 
sound of the conch shell or the ‘Shankh’.  The sound is renowned for its 
therapeutic properties for it puriﬁes energies. The metaphor was chosen for it 
compliments the name ‘Ishva’ - which stands for spirituality.
THE DIVINE INSPIRATION
The ‘shankh’ motif is created in the formation of 27 spokes emerging from 
a central source. The 27 spokes embody the 27 Nakshatras. 
The Nakshatras are constellations of stars known to inﬂuence a person’s life 
based on the moon’s position at the time of birth.
THE CULMINATION
The symbol takes shape as a contemporary take on the ‘Shankh’ and is an invitation 
to a lifestyle that strives to strike a perfect balance where conventional wisdom, 
intricate designs and sustainability principles come home to new-age aspirations.
THE VISION
The monogram strongly resonates with the beliefs and values of
TARC and is inspired by India.
Right in the center stage- 
where you belong.
TARC ISHVA in 63A Gurugram. Right in the heart
of the city, close to all that is important to you; 
clubs, schools, malls, hospitals, hotels,
oﬃces and more.
GRAND HYATT
WORLDMARK
GOLF COURSE
ARAVALI RANGE
Come, live the Ishva life!
Our Partners
PRINCIPAL CONTRACTOR
RSP DESIGN CONSULTANTS (INDIA)
DESIGN ACCORD
LANDSCAPE CONSULTANT
PRINCIPAL STRUCTURE CONSULTANT
MEP CONSULTANT
CLUB CONSULTANT
VERTICAL TRANSPORTATION
CONSULTANT
VASTU CONSULTANT
VIJAY VASTU & ASSOCIATES
FACADE DESIGN CONSULTANT
WIND ENGINEERING CONSULTANT
BEYOND DESIGN
INTERIOR DESIGN CONSULTANT
Designed to enhance your personal spaces, TARC 
Tripundra Residences oﬀer an exclusive retreat 
within the vibrant heart of New Delhi. Located on 
Main Bijwasan Road, with close proximity to Aerocity 
and Vasant Vihar, these meticulously crafted spaces 
reﬂect your aspirations for comfort, elegance, and 
versatility, ensuring a truly reﬁned living experience 
in a prime South Delhi neighborhood.
In a world where space is a luxury, TARC Kailasa 
redeﬁnes expansive living with its Large Format 
Residences on Patel Road, New Delhi. Oﬀering an 
unparalleled sense of freedom and openness, 
these ultra-luxurious 3 & 4 BHK apartments are 
crafted to exceed all expectations. TARC Kailasa is 
a commitment to grandeur and scale, setting a 
new benchmark for luxury in Central West Delhi.
Crafting Tomorrow with India’s Past
At TARC, our design ethos is a sublime fusion of India’s timeless wisdom and opulent cultural heritage. 
Our architectural masterpieces eﬀortlessly blend tradition and modernity, crafting spaces that 
resonate with the profound spirit of our nation’s illustrious heritage. Each creation serves as a 
testament to our unwavering dedication to not just commemorate India’s glorious past but also 
embrace its present and envision a future steeped in opulence. Immersed in the essence of luxury, our 
endeavours transcend the ordinary, setting a new paradigm for sophistication. We aspire to elevate 
Indian luxury to a global benchmark, creating unparalleled havens that epitomize extravagance and 
grandeur. At TARC, we are not just a developer; we are custodians of an extraordinary legacy,
sculpting a tomorrow where every detail is a nod to the regality that deﬁnes our nation.
